docs(observability): how-to activate managed alerts (#915)
scaleway/docs-content: observability/how-to/activate-managed-alerts.mdx

---
meta: How to activate managed alerts
  title: How to activate managed alerts
  description: This page shows you how to activate managed alerts
content:
  h1: How to activate managed alerts
  paragraph: This page shows you how to activate managed alerts
categories:
  - observability
dates:
  validation: 2022-10-13
  posted: 2022-10-03
---

> This page shows you how to activate [managed alerts](link) using the [Scaleway console](link).

Reviewer: link to concept & then the console?

Reviewer: Now that there's no more concept hover, I think maybe it would be a good idea to add a sentence explaining briefly why you might be interested in activating managed alerts and/or what they are.

<Message type="requirement">

>   - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/)

Reviewer: it says resolved but I can't see the linebreaks, unless it's just my view? Or does the message box markdown work without them?

---
meta: How to activate managed alerts
  title: How to activate managed alerts
  description: This page shows you how to activate managed alerts
content:
  h1: How to activate managed alerts
  paragraph: This page shows you how to activate managed alerts
categories:
  - observability
dates:
  validation: 2022-10-13
  posted: 2022-10-30
---

> This page shows you how to activate [managed alerts](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#managed-alerts) that will notify you on your products' behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page shows you how to activate [managed alerts](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#managed-alerts) which notifies you of your products' behavior.
```

<Message type="requirement">

>   - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/)
```

  - You have [activated your Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/how-to/activate-cockpit/)
</Message>

> 1. Log into your [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/) account.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Log into your [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com/) account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Log into your [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/) account.
```

> 2. Click **Cockpit** in the side menu. The **Cockpit** overview page displays.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click **Cockpit** in the Observability section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. The **Cockpit** overview page displays.
```

> 3. Click the **Alerts** tab. The **Alerts** page displays.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Alerts** tab. The **Alerts** page displays.
```

> 4. Click **Enable** to activate managed alerts.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Click **Enable** to activate managed alerts.
```

> 5. Click **Add an email** to configure your [contact points](lien concept).

Author: ```suggestion
5. Click **Add an email** to configure your [contact points](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#contact-points).
```

> 5. Click **Add an email** to configure your [contact points](lien concept).

Reviewer 2: ajouter lien ici

> 5. Click **Add an email** to configure your [contact points](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#contact-points).

Author: ```suggestion
4. Click **Add an email** to configure your [contact points](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#contact-points).
```

> 6. Enter the email address you wish to add to your contact points when prompted.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Enter the email address you wish to add to your contact points when prompted.
```

> 7. Click **Add email address**. The email address you have added displays in the list of your contact points.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Click **Add email address**. The email address displays in the list of your contact points.
```

> 7. Click **Add email address**. The email address displays in the list of your contact points.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Click **Add email address**. The email address displays in the list of your contact points.
```
